Hall Master Bai, these people are bold
How dare you pop up a red star
Please don't let them go!
The eldest sister has already ordered
Anyone in the name of Red Star
evil
Never forgive
You have touched the bottom line of Red Star
If you don't give an explanation
I will let you taste the family law of Red Star
You woman
Why don't you hurry over and kneel down and beg for mercy?
Otherwise the addition of red stars will make your life worse than death
White sugar, how dare you?
How dare you take disciples behind my back?
Now you want to add to me?
Do you want to commit the following?
Woman, how dare you be crazy?
Hall Master Bai
Hurry up and let your people catch them
Then let me become proficient in them
Hall Master Bai
After your people catch them
You give them to me.
Don't worry, I'll make life worse for them.
Meet the eldest sister
Didn't you say that the eldest sister retired today?
Why is he here?
Hall Master, are you mistaken?
Didn't you say that the eldest sister retired today?
How could it be here?
You must have mistaken me.
The eldest sister intended to retire
But because his family was kidnapped by Xiao Xiaozhi
It has not retired since then
I found half of Jiangcheng
So it was you guys who did it
Zhao Yunxue, Zhao Yunxue
You are so damn sugar